[DOC] - Added setup instructions (#10)
nhcarrigan/code-snippets: CONTRIBUTING.md

First, fork this repository to your own account. Then use `git clone <url>` to bring your forked repository down to your local machine (remember to get the URL for *your* repository, not the original). Optionally, use `git remote add upstream <url>` to add the original repository as the upstream (this is helpful for keeping your fork up-to-date).

Then you should follow these steps:
```bash
> npm install
... (Installing dependencies)

> npm start
... (View changes locally)
```

> When adding a new file (**Markdown only**) please remember to also add the new nav link [here](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/code-snippets/blob/main/docs/_navbar.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a new file (**Markdown only**) please remember to also add the new nav link both [in the navigation bar](https://github.com/nhcarrigan/code-snippets/blob/main/docs/_navbar.md) and in the section's `index.md`.

```
